Bump flask from 1.0.0 to 2.3.2 in /test/acceptance/lettuce (#4320)
telefonicaid/fiware-orion: test/acceptance/lettuce/requirements.txt

git+https://visitor:visitor@pdihub.hi.inet/fiware/fiware-iotqaUtils@v.3.1.2
pymongo==2.8

> flask==2.3.2   # changed from 0.12.3 to 1.0.0 due to vulnerability check in github although we havent checked if it works...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flask==2.3.2   # changed from 0.12.3 to 2.3.2 due to vulnerability check in github although we haven't checked if it works...
```
